Updating destroy plan behavior (#1114)
hashicorp/terraform-website: content/source/docs/cloud/api/run.html.md

----------|------------
`run_id`  | The run ID to apply

> Applies a run that is paused waiting for confirmation after a plan. This includes runs in the "needs confirmation" and "policy checked" states. This action is only required for runs that can't be auto-applied. (Plans can be auto-applied if the auto-apply setting is enabled on the workspace and the plan was not queued by a user without write permissions.)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Applies a run that is paused waiting for confirmation after a plan. This includes runs in the "needs confirmation" and "policy checked" states. This action is only required for runs that can't be auto-applied. (Plans can be auto-applied if the auto-apply setting is enabled on the workspace and the plan was queued by a new VCS commit or by a user with write permissions.)
```

In retrospect, that double-negative is confusing, so let's tweak that.
